It's not even been a month since your mother
died and I want to know if she died of
sadness
Well it could be one of the
ingredients my mother's life stopped
The day she stopped weighing a plate of
television and that prodigious brain and
that active, quick and lucid mind
began to deteriorate it devoured her from the
inside Jordi and consumed her from the outside I
understand I understand what she
meant that from the moment she was
removed because it wasn't her
decision she would have been
working until the end and we all
know that thing she had with
work María Teresa is a person who
has had a lot of power in the
media a person who has always
been on top and suddenly they take
all that away from you you don't adapt or you haven't known how to
adapt to a life that she
also had to live which was to enjoy her
family her people without worrying about
anything else and she hasn't known how to And probably
Terelu is referring to that when she says she
was consumed that she didn't know what to
do like she feels like she doesn't know how to do
anything other than